So we have two problems that need solving.
One, that we can only shoot one bullet.
And the other problem is that the bullet changes its direction according to the movement of the rocket,
and that shouldn't happen.
So let's fix this right now.
The first problem stems from this look.
I'm going to shoot one bullet and the bullet subtracts values from coordinate y until it reaches zero.
But although we don't see it, that bullet is still there and it keeps on subtracting values.
Since the bullet is still there, we can't shoot again.
And after it vanishes, we need this bullet to reset itself so as to execute it and use it again.
So what we need to do is quite easy.
Let's scroll down until we reach this verification here.
If the bullet is visible, all this happens.
But we have to verify something else.
If bullet y that is coordinate y of bullet is lower than or equal to zero.
In fact, we could enter -64 instead of zero because our bullet is 64 pixels high.
So when the bullet disappears, not when it touches the edge, but when it disappears, we'll need to
do the following.
We'll reset its position.
Bullet Y will be 500 again, which is the level at which our rocket is located.
And visible bullet will be false.
So it will stop being visible.
And it's going to remain that way.
So now we're able to shoot more than one bullet piece of cake, right?
So let's go back here and shoot.
And there goes our bullet now.
Let's shoot again and again.
And we made it.
Our bullets are still mimicking the movements of the rocket, but at least we can shoot several times.
And that's great.
So the second problem arose because here, when we created the space bar event, we used Player X,
the position of our rocket as initial value for the bullet.
Our bullet has to start from the same position as the rocket.
But in order for these two variables not to depend on each other, we're going to make bullet x, which
is a variable we haven't used until now be equal to player x and we'll enter the same value bullet x
to replace player x here.
Now these two variables have been separated.
Now we're calling Bullet X instead of Player X to make our bullet appear for the first time.
But we're using a different variable now that we don't use Player X, we'll position ourselves where
we call the movement of the bullet and we'll call Bullet X, which is no longer linked to the position
of the rocket.
This should do the trick.
So let's execute our window again and we'll shoot and move.
Note that the bullet goes off in a specific direction without mimicking the movements of the rocket.
Even though the rocket moves, the bullet doesn't change its direction.
But a new problem has occurred.
Look at this.
I'll shoot and then press the spacebar.
This modifies the position of the bullet on the screen.
It moves upwards, and if I press the spacebar, it changes its position, which shouldn't happen.
We have to make sure that the space event we generated here only makes changes to the bullet when visible
bullet is false.
This is because if visible bullet is true, it resets the bullet position when visible.
And that's not the idea.
So how do we make sure of that?
Well, before creating the bullet here, we're going to ask if visible bullet is equal to false.
And let's indent this so as to see it inside the F clause.
So these changes which are made by the space bar event will be produced if visible bullet is false.
Well, this is unnecessary.
We don't need to enter visible bullet equals false, but we can simplify it by writing, if not visible
bullet.
So let's execute our game and I'll press the space bar while the bullet goes upwards.
A note that there are no changes.
The Space Bar event makes changes only when visible bullet is false.
That is when the bullet disappears.
So our bullet is ready to.
Now we have to write code for the crashes.
That is when our bullet hits an enemy or when our enemy collide with us.
So we're going to do that in our next lesson.